Update redirected URLs (part 44) (#15973)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/http/basics_of_http/evolution_of_http/index.md

- It compresses headers. As these are often similar among a set of requests, this removes the duplication and overhead of data transmitted.
- It allows a server to populate data in a client cache through a mechanism called the server push.

> Officially standardized in May 2015, HTTP/2 was incredibly successful. By July 2016, 8.7% of all websites used it (see [these stats](https://w3techs.com/technologies/details/ce-http2)), representing more than 68% of all requests (see [these statistics](https://www.keycdn.com/blog/http2-statistics)). High-traffic websites showed the most rapid adoption in an effort to save on data transfer overhead and subsequent budgets.

Author: ```suggestion
Officially standardized in May 2015, HTTP/2 was incredibly successful. By May 2022, 46.4% of all websites used it (see [these stats](https://w3techs.com/technologies/details/ce-http2)). High-traffic websites showed the most rapid adoption in an effort to save on data transfer overhead and subsequent budgets.
```
Couldn't find source for latest request stats.
